Okay, so I figure there's two two things we can go over real quick as far as how to or what the what the mission is of the project.
I'll share my screen. It's kind of.
Two different goals. And frankly, if we accomplish either one of them, it will be a big help. So the one we sort of talked about over the phone, the other one we really didn't and I it occurred to me afterwards that I was sort of inferring it as one of the goals, but we should probably go over it. So I'll go ahead and share my screen.
So this is what's we call an MRO drawing or a CAD drawing and it's up here. It's comes out of our design lab has an MRO number assigned to it 40611 in this case, right.
And what this is is essentially a schematic of a box that we are going to quote in this particular case, right.
And so it's got the dimensions of the box, all the particulars that are manufacturing team needs in order to produce it.
This is generated by our design lab and then it goes to our estimating team who builds what's called a spec in amtech.
And so they are essentially translating this PDF into a spec in our ERP system, right.
Yeah.
The spec in our ERP system looks like this. And so that this is the amtech version of that PDF we just looked at.
So when we have a new project, the estimating team will build this in amtech and then somebody will go ahead and aim to price the job.
They'll come through here and come up with a price through a method we'll talk about in a little bit.
And once they're ready and done, they'll say, OK, I'm going to save this quote and off we go.
And then if the project eventually turns into an order, they'd come back in, make sure all of this is correct and sort of prepress verify it for production.
OK, yeah, so that step in and of itself would be very helpful to.
If we can get the LLM to be able to read and interpret this PDF.
And essentially mimic what we're doing in amtech without having to build the spec that would save a tremendous amount of time, right.
I see so basically you want to scrape right on that.
Yeah, so if it if it can scrape that that structural drawing.
And we're able to teach all the different things that amtech is doing with the data that's in this created spec.
Which which includes machine routing.
Is it warehouse.
These different adders that are on here.
There are all kinds of tables program for all of our machines that have.
See here, there we go.
These is per hour run speeds that are derived from the way those specs are set up a setup time in terms of hours are programmed into all this.
So this 144 machine for instance has a huge table of run speeds and setup times for virtually all of the variables that it's.
All of the box sizes it's capable of producing.
And it's also adjusted by order quantity, right.
So in an ideal world, an ideal outcome would be we take this PDF.
We drop it into the LLM.
It's able to read and interpret this and translate it into the amtech spec, right.
You can say OK, this box is this dimension, this dimension, this dimension.
This is the style, the board grade, the glue joint, how many colors, all of that.
It would automatically then know which machine is the optimal one to route to.
And then we would upload sort of the run speeds.
And set up times and everything that are programmed into amtech like that would appear right here on this pricing screen, right.
OK.
So that would be one major step if we can get that done.
That would save a tremendous amount of time for us, right.
And the secondary mission would be OK, if we have all of that in place.
What is the most appropriate price to assign to the job, right.
There's a lot of nuance and a lot of the conversations we talked about with appears the different variables we need to consider is from the customer situation.
From the sales person's perspective, et cetera, et cetera.
Who's our competitor? What's the order size? What's our historical margin patterns look like.
All of that would be kind of step two.
So.
I'm making notes is what going here as well.
As I'm, I guess I'm looking for you to comment from the way I'm thinking of this.
Working on working through step one to where we can get it to automatically route to a specific machine and essentially emulate.
The really the inventory cost this variable here is what we care about.
If we can get it to emulate our current cost structure.
By reading only that PDF, we can bypass spec creation, right.
I do have a couple of quick questions.
Yep, I think for David.
So this that we're looking at right here, the spec maintenance or a spec in general.
Yep, is this a homegrown system or is this purchased purchased?
Okay, and this is a local database or is this a cloud system?
That's a local database SQL.
Perfect. Excellent. So we can just we query.
Right and populate.
Right.
Or do you have like, is it possible you have some like.
Sorry, I forget words once I apologize.
Referential integrity on the system.
Is it guarding referential integrity of a backend that we can't update?
Or can we do updates that are allowed by the UI?
That's a good question.
Okay, because some like, I would leave that one for.
I would leave that more for Chris to answer than me.
Um.
We have updated a field.
We have pushed an update through SQL.
Rather than the UI.
And that did work out. Yes, right.
Yeah, clearing a field, but.
I'm not sure what all we could do that wouldn't be temperamental.
If you know what I mean, totally know what you mean.
I was kind of my job, but I used to work for progressive.
I was a network administrator for a long time.
But before that, I did a lot of batch stuff.
And my job was taking in companies that we purchased to not break them.
But mold them to us.
And I was kind of, but my door, my door was a resistance is futile.
And when I came in, it was like everything known to man from text, Excel,
SQL, OS, two system, everything.
And I was supposed to, you know, start getting their data,
format it over to our, you know, our system.
And so, yeah, that just depends on what they do, but.
Yeah, do you have a dev environment for this system that I could go back and, you know,
not have to change my name and move to Mexico if I do something wrong.
Yeah, the train database would, would work for that.
Perfect.
And just to be clear, we don't, we don't necessarily need to write and create new specs in here through that automated process.
In my mind, if we can avoid creating what's on the screen entirely, that would be insufficient, right?
Because what, what happens is 90% of these specs that are created have this little checkbox that say RFQ spec.
So we spend a tremendous amount of time creating these, we price the deal.
And then we don't end up getting an order for any number of reasons, right? Right.
And so, in my mind, at least initially, the goal would be if we can do all the pricing stuff without creating this spec in I'm tech.
Then when we get an order, we go through, make sure everything's correct and we created in that moment, it'll dramatically reduce the number of times we have to create stuff.
Okay.
Aside from the data integrity things, all we really need to do is upload all of the board cost settings, the machine parameters, the run speed settings, all of that stuff.
That's in the guts of amtech in the maintenance button here.
And if, if it knows all of those variables, it ought to be able to read, and then we can teach it to read the PDF, then it can essentially mimic what this screen is doing.
Anyways, right?
I'm a little confused. So this, we're in mimic what this one does without actually entering the data.
Most of the time.
Yes, that's what I'm thinking.
What will we use that data for just to present locally or to have it available to to generate a quote.
And this, this system here doesn't, isn't necessary to generate that quote.
So no, okay, so spec is only for when you're actually going to put something into an actual process to make the product.
Well, it's only required for that.
We are using this today to generate the sort of official quotes that come out of the system.
But we can derive the price and currently we are deriving the price by pulling just a couple of variables out of amtech here.
Right now what I pull out of here is this raw material cost.
This setup cost and these run speed variables.
As well as the machine it's on and we're basically deriving the price offline based on a couple of those key variables.
I'll come back here and say, okay, a dollar eight is what we want to do.
What does this look like in the different parameters?
And then we'll save it, right?
So I'm not using any.
I'm only using the data this in here as reference points, but it's not really generating the prices.
It's more of a sense check against what we're coming up with essentially offline.
It's a good enough, right?
For the most basically, okay.
Yeah.
Maybe step two or three, if we really perfect the tool, then we can enable it to create specs, but I personally feel like that's.
That's probably the last step we would want to do because it's the most.
It's the most difficult to catch mistakes, I think in that that sort of scenario.
Okay.
And so right now to generate the actual quote.
You do generate it out of spec or do you generate it?
So I would update quote history.
There are price files in here called quote history.
Okay.
I would do that.
I would click then over in this window.
Build quotes.
I'd have to repopulate sort of the same customer situation I've got going on.
Yeah.
The ones we did today.
There's the one I just saved a second ago print.
And it pops up in PDF form this way, right?
Nice.
Okay.
Oh, perfect.
Great.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay.
I'm very clear.
So I guess I'm I'm trying to outline the goal.
What would save us tremendous amounts of time is.
Going from this.
To the quote we just looked at.
Yeah, whatever we can do, whatever steps in the rest of the process.
We can automate.
Would save us a tremendous amount of time.
And both the decision making on how to generate this price and the nuance that goes into this one.
As well as the.
The part of creating what's on this screen.
There are several check boxes kind of in the guts of here.
You can see these are checked and know in which ones to check and all that stuff.
Has to be done correctly for this everything to be routed properly for when it becomes an order.
But the critical piece here is the vast majority of the ones created.
Do not turn into orders for one reason or another.
So my thought was we could save a lot of time by simply not creating those in amtech.
If we can come up with an accurate price.
Without doing all of this in the ERP system.
That would be helpful.
And then if later down the road, we can set it up so it automatically creates an accurate spec.
Then great, great.
But that.
At least my impression is that is an order of magnitude more complex than the first part.
Yeah, it could be.
Yeah, it might well, so just being very clear about first goal.
I'm very clear about this.
Of course, we did discuss the difference between like a competitive quote and a non competitive quote.
But this is our first step and we don't really want to approach that one because that's an extra parameter or 20, right?
That I'd kind of isolated on what would define a competitive quote, but this would be a really good first start.
This would be a really good first step because it would then allow us to.
If it could do that, then we could do our sort of manual pricing process in there in the first place.
And then later we could do as a step to teach it how to do the pricing automatically, right?
And it could learn probably how to automatically price while we're using it.
In our normal process, right?
And yeah, David.
So my first thought would be what I'm expecting to do would be to create.
Another, you know, I guess you call a database or you can call it a table, whatever.
But of Jason objects that represent that output of fields, right?
That we create from that system. So we're going to do a query.
To what we pulled from the PDF.
We go back and create a JSON object that's ready to stage.
And then you can create the quote from that or you can actually say, oh, it's ready to be sold.
Yeah, they want to buy it. Let's go ahead and populate spec and create the quote from that because.
Probably all we have to do is since you have direct access to SQL, we can find the correct trigger.
You know that they're instituting for, you know, through the client.
The clienty guy here that say, go ahead and here's your data.
There's a checkbox. Here's your data. Go ahead and generate the quote.
And only successful.
Pitches that are accepted by the client will then show up in the RPS.
You don't have any dead data either, right?
You don't want to have like quotes that are sitting there that never got fulfilled.
But we do want to capture all the data because.
The AI will start coming up with.
You know, surmiso data about, oh, it's seeing patterns that we didn't see.
And you want to be informed of that, even on all of that.
What you normally consider dead with data.
But, you know, why, why wasn't this accepted and you can start looking for patterns things like that.
You know, and of course that was the whole point of the competitive stuff, right?
You want to say with, you know, how is it that when we do something that's a competitive quote.
It's successful here, but not here.
Did you price it too high? Did you, you know, did we lose money?
We didn't get the job or didn't get the job because we priced it too high against an identical quota.
Whatever the parameter, I have no idea.
I have to look at, you know, see what you know, what data you have access to.
But yeah, so just initially what I want to do is make sure we're not coming into a corner and just capturing all of the data that we can.
And then later on, we can dispense with it or analyze it or whatever, but it's there.
And we don't have to rerun it. You can say, go check to see if like, for instance, I don't know if you check an API to see if your.
Existing material costs have changed since the quote was generated.
Right, you know, something like that, it could do that as a regular check if you have an API to your vendors and say what's your current cost right now.
What was in the system, but in that JSON object, what was the cost then.
Is it outside of the parameters that should alert you and say, oh, this is above the margin that you said, hey, warn me that this is now going to be too costly to make for.
We're going to have a higher profit range or whatever we could, we could drop the price and make the customer happier or whatever right.
You know, but none of that will be it's just making sure I have the data so that when you decide you want to do some feature or change.
Data's there, we can go back and just make it happen, you know, instead of having to go back and get it again, you know, that's right.
Okay.
The pricing side of it, I think is pretty straightforward and the tricky thing is, at least from my sort of novice perspective is is getting it to understand this and understanding how.
Rather than basically reprogramming the entire structure, but getting it, making it able to read this and all the different possibilities that are in there and translating that to something in amtech.
I think it's going to be like the most challenging part.
When we come down to the arithmetic of pricing, it's pretty straightforward. We're using essentially an offline Excel calculator as presented on the screen here.
We'll pull some of those variables that I referenced from the front page of the spec screen, populate these fields in yellow and it gives us all these different indicators that depending on the situation we'll look at and say, okay, based on that there's our sell price and we'll tweak these rates at the top.
I think we, you know, want to go higher or lower or whatever.
And of course, these are different machines, centers that sort of tied to the 144 code that we saw in amtech, that is the emba, right. So.
This calculator is very simple, I think, to program.
Yes. Right. Well, those are the key variables, but.
Coming up with being able to translate that PDF into some of these very specific variables and have it matching what we have in amtech is the first step, right.
And then what what you and I were talking about the decision tree on how to go from, okay, we have this opportunity for 16,000 boxes. Here's the competitive landscape effectively what number do we want this top sell to be because this sell price is going to move around quite a bit compared, you know, depending on what we put in there.
So really the decision is what number goes in here.
I figure we could we could upload historical sales data to give it some context for what has worked.
And then, you know, basically.
If we look at age of account and how long we've been selling the account, I'm guessing it'll derive some patterns on average margin for accounts over five years old average margin for accounts one year or less.
That kind of thing and probably come up with an informed recommendation for the numbers to put up here, right. Right.
And that's something I kind of do in that manually now, which is somewhat tedious, arduous and difficult to teach.
It's kind of gut feel is what everybody call it, which it isn't really it's more just a whole bunch of isolated events that I am pretty pretty solid at remembering and applying different situations, but it's going to be better once we give it all the context, right.
And so, you know, it's a very different experience.
It's based on the history and you're doing an output from the input, but nobody else has that relationship and you can teach the that relationship over time.
So we'll need your, you know, interpretation of it. I'll be putting in a flag on the inner on the interface. I'll be using.
A nice clean interface that generated for, you know, for the AI just to have somebody come up and when it produces just stuff out, you say, oh, I've got an issue throughout the flat and then it'll interpret that and put it up.
So, you know, you know, whenever you say that's not I don't agree with that, then we'll just do yeah, so, but.
Cool. Yeah.
I'm sorry, once I'm going to go back and look, I have a list of stuff to ask you making sure I need a basically as much quote data as possible.
The associated invoices to those quotes.
And then if there's a possible way of finding out what the profit or loss was by invoice by quote so we can look at the success rate.
Right, to see, you know, if you that percentage, you know, it's like what was made off of this, what was lost off that, whatever, you know, the those kinds of stuff, it gives it a better.
A better sense of success failure, you know, output.
Anything that was human made that was associated to that quote, like that's probably the second phase, sorry, the second phase is going to be for competitor stuff.
You know, we're talking about with like emails notes, things like that.
And then I have the other one that you showed me was just the current coding system excel, so you already have that.
So when we get to the second phase, we have this is obviously a custom build sales force environment.
We have.
What am I looking at here?
So this is the customer that we were just looking at this is their sales force environment.
We have these requests or cases is what they're called down.
And so each one of these is effectively a quote request.
There's some specific details in here that would be relevant.
We've got all of this text that's in here with what their request is.
And the sales person's best attempt at providing written context.
This is saying here's the annual usage for the two items.
Their assessment of the probability of closing will have some values request value is supposed to be populated with a real number.
This one's, you know, in process. So it's not done yet. But if we know the competitor, it's often going to show up in here.
If we know.
Kind of a price target we need to get to it's going to show up in here.
And all of the quotes we don't end up getting are going to be saved in here in their finished version as well. Right.
This is huge. This is perfect. This is really good. This is what I was hoping for.
Great. Now the data in here is.
I don't know what the term is. It's going to be somewhat wrote in the sense that.
It'll have the facts, but it often doesn't have.
The human subtext, right? So in other words,
the decision maker here, what are his political motivations inside his company? What else is important that is that is separate from the facts of this box and how many they're buying, right?
That's the part. I think it will will need to probably do in the audio recordings.
To say, OK, Daryl's motivated by the fact that his company has been purchased in the last couple of years, he's trying to make a name for himself.
And so, you know, if if he's going to make a change, it's going to have to be significant savings or he's putting his reputation on the line.
Those kind of things are not necessarily they're not likely to be in this, this text, right?
But you do know because you've spoken to him.
And so you know, basically in that situation, I would just kind of, you know, just making sure I understand where that was coming from.
So if he has that, you know, motivation to keep the prices down so that he makes a name, he then becomes a better decision maker that then you can rely on to make more orders.
It's worth taking not the loss, but less profit for a little while so that he becomes more important there and now can actually order from you with less supervision.
And you can then make more normal regular quotes without having to compete against, you know, a regular price.
That would be competition that's not like another company competing as you, but competition for that internal or something like that.
Just, you know, it's the kind of stuff that I can, you know, we can we can put in prompting on in the fine tuning that says, look for this kind of a pattern.
That when we worked with somebody and the prices were good or less than what we normally, but they're competitive.
That person started ordering that company started ordering more from us, right?
We can look for those those kind of or it can do and it'll actually just do it.
We just put in the data a lot of the stuff is, you know, like we talked about beer diapers, right?
You know, that's what I was looking for.
So I don't know if David knows that you can tell him later.
Yeah, it's it's kind of like, okay, in any given deal, and this is what we'll teach our sales team also is what they're their main objective in.
After presenting this opportunity to the company.
To very simply is to understand the deal and what that means is why is the customer going to say yes to our proposal outside of price, right?
And if they don't really understand that, then we're not ready to present in in very broad terms.
So every individual deal is going to have economic motivations, right?
The price they're the economics of it have to make sense.
They're all going to have kind of political motivations or underpinnings where, you know, where does Darrell sit in the organization is either CEO or is he the warehouse manager, right?
So understanding that landscape is important.
And there's also operational motivation like are they ticked off that they're incumbent supplier and they're desperately looking for replacement for whatever reason.
Maybe the other supplier has quality problems or is not on time we don't necessarily have to be the lowest price.
So right, there's all kinds of those variables that go into it.
And by the way, there's a hundred questions that we can ask, but which ones are really truly the most important ones because we can't have the sales guy have to go through this long.
Wizard of questions that might apply what most likely applies to this and have it asked them to make sure that puts it into this, you know, the entry for this particular customer.
Right, you know, and that's there, that's their job is to basically highlight here are the important factors for this deal, right?
But in any event, this is where we have a catalog of all these different historical opportunities.
And then we do have we do have all of our historical sales data that that would have all the same variables we'd be looking at for new stuff.
Chris has that in a very, very neat file.
We just need to basically say, OK, which, which data points do we want to upload and focus on.
And then, you know, again, there's, there's multiple ways I do this as successful as like if we can get the PDF to turn into something that we can use to generate prices great.
Even if we teach it to replicate.
Go from PDF to saying.
You know, hey, show me this item at 2000 up at the top here and give me the sell price for, you know, 8,000, 12,000 and 16,000 pieces using this input and it does it instantaneously that saves a bunch of time also.
So even if it doesn't necessarily help us arrive at what this number should be, we can save a bunch of time in the, the whole cycle of it by, by sort of programming some of this, right?
Yeah, and then looking like at what you put in for that number, I have no clue why, but you do right clearly.
We watch that and say, all right, well, what are the, what ifs that you did in that particular input and come up with something it'll do recommendation and give you maybe the three low, maybe, you know, low medium high.
Every single time and just give it to you, so you didn't have to enter it.
You can go back and enter another one if you want, but have it come up with what you most likely would put in would be something I want to train it to do and give you those three outputs each time.
You see, you know, a bell curve, whatever, right, right.
This number here highlighted in red is.
I think is really effectively what we're tweaking when we change the number at the top and.
There's.
This is the number that I think pegs us to the rest of the marketplace, the spread or this is basically our margin above raw material cost, right.
So if you assume our raw materials, a competitive cost, this is the variable, this is kind of the bell, whether we're going to look at and.
Invariably, if we're price too high, particularly on larger deals, this is the number that's going to tell you, even if.
All of our other stuff says it's in a reasonable place at this numbers too high, we just know, right.
So once we get all of this stuff programmed, we have it down in on the pricing.
One of one of my hopes is to push this a little bit and try to say, OK, if we modeled this out, where, where in the optimal range for this to be essentially.
Then you can, you know, you can figure it out fairly easily with our way calculations and stuff like that using Excel to say here's the asset value and all that stuff, but.
I think this is.
Once we're down the path a little bit pushing on this a little bit and trying to hone in on that.
May, may simplify things even further.
Because this is the fact, simply what we're, what we're moving when we, when we tweak the number at the top.
So I'm going to keep it very simple to the first, but we just stated from PDF, we're going to create the inputs, I want to grab stuff from the sequel, like have access to that sequel.
So I, you know, to the development.
Hopefully we can just like duplicate your production in the development, so I'm actually going against stuff that's actually the same data side possible.
So, you know, without having to, you know, without worrying about whether or not anything's going to get, you know, touched, but a.
Cool.
So just to give a side note there, we typically update that training database several times a year.
So that the data that's there is normally fairly current.
Okay.
You know, so we try to, because we, we push some of our updates. So when Amtek updates their system, we don't just do it on our production database right off the hit.
We always do it against a separate database first, just to make sure it's not going to break anything.
And then each department does their testing to make sure that all their functionality is working.
So we try to make sure that, you know, every two, three months that we update that, that test database with the latest data.
So when they do that.
It seems like it fixes it.
Well, I mean, I've always been on, we've always set up everything test dev prod on, you know, so basically, you know, production of course is production.
You don't touch that that's for real development is stuff that you should consider should be what production is doing is explodes.
Then you go back and have to do an analysis, but test is basically a what if on an Excel spreadsheet to do whatever you want explodes.
That, you know, and just go back and move the data again and then just go again, but, you know, but.
I'm having shoot.
Are you there?
Yep.
Oh, mine just froze.
Wow, my, my video just froze entirely.
Do you go, do you all hear me?
We can hear you, but yeah, we see that your screen is frozen.
That's pretty weird.
Okay, yeah, I just, I just moved to something.
And I guess.
No wires.
Okay, as long as you can hear me.
Yeah, you're good.
Okay, cool.
I don't know if you can see me.
The weird thing is that the microphone is the webcam.
So I'm not sure exactly how you can hear me.
Yeah, so what I'd like to do is I don't know if you have licensing on curve,
license on, on your system or not, or if we can just make another copy that's test that has nothing to do with anything that you guys are using.
That's identical.
A test environment like you do with your current test one, but not even that separate entirely.
Yeah, we just spin up another database.
It's no big deal.
No worries.
So we pull a new database every month.
For our finance folks.
So when they go to look at the finance side of it, there's a hard stop for each month.
So it's to do to give you a separate instance is no big deal.
Awesome.
Yeah, that makes me feel a lot more comfortable.
I think it's good for me to have a kind of update and update and that with the buffer actual integrity and things like that.
It just worries me until I know, yeah, this is resilient for.
This causes all kinds of crazy stuff from happening and we just have to make sure.
Because I'd like to do the population, you know, you know, yeah.
Just API just update that instead of having the other way on something like that would be setting up like a, you know, a test click and the n type thing where it goes back and finds the actual button on the UI.
and clicks it, does the entry.
That's a bunch of stuff to do.
And it's also no one here's accurate.
So just doing SQL stuff would be way preferred.
I should probably clarify on what I mentioned earlier.
We have updated existing entries through SQL,
but we have not, say, for example, created an entire spec.
There are several tables that are co-linked,
like material cost, quote, history item price,
that do get updates from the UI,
whenever you're making changes.
OK, and that's just something to be mindful of,
because it's not all in one table.
Things are a little scattered.
OK, all right.
But I'm thinking about creating another SQL DB
that actually is a full dump of your current full system.
Right?
Can we write another instance of the app itself,
not just the database, but actually a completely separate instance?
Yes, the app you select the database before you log in.
If that makes sense.
OK, cool.
Well, we did look at it.
Yeah, so like any changes that you make
are only against the database that you're telling it
that you're connecting to.
OK, cool.
I'm a little worried.
It's like, I'm sure it's like, if this one,
if we're using same application, I have a database,
and then it's being updating through trigger,
or something like that, another database automatically
in the back end.
No, this is not that way.
OK, awesome.
So when you log in a complete clone
that you log into the clone, and then you can do whatever you want,
it'll be called the Peter database or something.
And it's completely disconnected from our live one.
Right.
When you go to log in, you actually
have to choose what database you're going against.
Cool.
So as you can see, we have quite a few listed here.
Yeah.
So like we can set up like the trained test
database is the one that you use.
Because doing really messes with that one.
The main one we use is trained convert skybox
and then these inventory ones.
And then the estimating one is something
that like JD and Dan were using to test some different things
at some point.
But yeah, it's definitely database specific
before you log into the application.
Cool.
The only thing I'll probably ask you for
is once in a while, just do a dump.
And now I'll just restore the dump to this other database.
So I just, because I'm expecting to mess things up
while I'm doing it.
I just like to prepare for that.
So and then the VPN thing about using something like wireguard.
So it's point to point between these.
We actually have our own VPN that we utilize.
It's called watch guard.
Sure.
OK.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Did you see watch guard?
Yep.
Oh, yeah, I'm very familiar with watch guard.
Very cool.
So I'll just use like an, I don't know, L2P is that right?
Or an IPsack or something like that client?
So we can actually send it up for you.
Cool.
Yeah, that would be good.
I just want to make sure that I'd like to connect this box.
Your box here to that so that it won't bring it over.
It'll still be real configuration difference.
But it'll just be very secure and only to you.
OK, thank you.
Cool.
And of course, I still have access to your, you know,
to SQL and stuff like that from that box in the city.
That's exactly what I can think of right there.
Cool.
OK, so once you get that role in Chris, he will need.
I guess if he's, if he's got a known instance of amtech,
he'll be able to see it, but he'll need the board
cost maintenance info and for estimating, right?
The machine limits maintenance detail.
And then the standard constants is where all the machine variables
are, all the run speed variables with the matrix and everything.
Have you used that one?
Yes.
I'm not sure I have anything to query against that at the moment,
but that wouldn't be difficult to set up.
Yeah, it's this one that you're looking for.
Yeah, this machine matrix for this is the 144.
It's got the machine with the, these rates are a little less
important, like the cost side of it.
But all of these different things that have run speed implications.
So that would be in the matrix here.
There's the number of colors translating to the setup time.
So we'd need that.
And then the run speed matrixes, matrices
have blank widths and all these different things,
like all of this stuff.
And then I think it's, yeah.
And then the run speed quantities, there
are these penalties on efficiency for the overall machine
versus the run efficiencies, all this different stuff
that's in here.
All of those help translate into that run speed data
we were looking at on the individual spec, right?
Same thing with test and flute.
So I'm not, again, not as concerned about the cost
accounting part of it.
More looking at we need to know the raw material cost.
And we need to know the machine run speeds,
because what we're going to be doing when we derive the price
is those are the variables in here.
I'm also thinking we'll teach it freight somewhat separate
than what's in Amtec, because I think Amtec
is actually a flawed arithmetic equation
that it forces you into.
Something Mark and I are kind of hoping Amtec fixes
because it doesn't give you enough flexibility.
So I'm thinking for the freight calculator,
we will actually just teach it something a little better
than what Amtec offers in the first place.
So all of the run speed stuff is what's critical
for every machine and the blank size parameters,
like the min, the max for the length and width,
and then board cost for four estimating is what we'd want.
I get the concept of almost all of this,
but there's an awful lot of terminology.
I think I'm going to have to learn very quickly.
So yeah, so, but yeah, I mean, I should come to be fairly quickly
for that, but yeah, just generally I just have to go back
and isolate what you say is important for the feeds
and then once we run it, it's an output
and then you just review the output and say,
no, this is wrong for this reason.
Yeah, I'm going to go back and add that for the training.
That's all continuously until we do it over or iterate through it
until we have something that looks like you want it to.
Yeah, I think when we get to that point,
it's really on this, this is step one.
These these cells, so these variables are the ones we need
to, some of these will be from Amtec data
that he's talking about, but deriving these things
or the critical piece, this stuff would be kind of secondary
and step two for that part.
Yeah, then all of the rest of that jargon is just the up front
programming we will have to do to seed all the variables
so it can do these calculations for us.
Basically, how much is materials going to cost
and how long will it take the thing to do it
and how many people, right?
That kind of thing, yeah, how many,
me an hour, so basically it's the output.
Okay, mm-hmm, cool.
Yeah, none, I'm pretty clear.
I'll either excel spreadsheet, obviously, things like that,
but yeah, cool.
Why don't we, that works good.
Okay, awesome.
So the next step would be, Dave, you can set up a database
for for Peter here and get him the VPN information
so he can log in with the new Mac that he's purchased
on our behalf.
Perfect.
And once you're in and working on that,
in the meantime, Chris can attempt to assemble
the things we just looked at in sort of database form
that scraped them out of Amtec and then off we go.
And I suppose you probably want a handful of those PDFs
to start with also.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
And the interface need to be able to access
the interface to create those quotes as well, you know,
and I'll find the steps so I can actually put that out.
I didn't see it very quickly, but it looked like
there were other outputs that you could do instead of PDF.
Yes, you can do.
You can send it to various printers.
I'm not sure if it's different outputs or not.
Oops.
So this is viewing it on screen and then.
Yeah, I get a bunch of different choices here,
but these are all ones that we program.
So it's various different printers in the building
and a bunch of different types of PDFs.
So and David, I'm thinking about the export on that
is a markup then being created, you know,
it then then being exported to a PDF,
but I'm wondering that markup I couldn't, you know,
we couldn't put an interface like a new printer interface
that disability exports to JSON or XML or something.
I'm assuming we could.
If that could that could, you know, when you're reading
tests of, especially when it's consistent output like this,
we can teach it.
Yeah, okay, you're going to find these text fonts
are going to be a little bit fuzzy or, you know, whatever.
We can, it'll learn quickly, but if we have actual data
that we can extrapolate from every time,
it saves that training time, you know,
we actually have the output and it'll be consistent output
from a markup, even if it's markup, that's fine too, you know,
whatever that is.
You're saying basically we could teach it to emulate
the exact formatting of the quotes
that we're generating today.
Yeah, we're improving, right?
You know, if we have a data, then I can still back and say,
hey, I want to create a graphic format that does this
and is perfect sort of like, you know,
when we're doing this with a PDF and then we do the other,
it's kind of like there was a company that I had,
it was funny, it was an import export company with China
and it was San Francisco,
where I was a Pudong and Cleveland.
And I, when I got there, I was doing some other work
and discovered that they were,
this is 20 something years ago,
they were faxing stuff to Pudong.
And then Pudong was taking it, putting it into a scanner,
then doing OCR, updating it, putting it back into another system
and then outputting it to a PDF and sending it back.
And they did the same thing again on our side.
And so I was like, oh, I think I could save a little time.
A lot of money, you know, and it was fine.
And then now suddenly,
and then that's when we set up a VPN between the three
and they could just go to a file and open it.
And it was like, oh, cool.
Same kind of thing with this instead of the output,
I can get around that by, you know,
they're not designing the system to output it to data,
but it's still data nonetheless
if it's being sent to a PDF generator.
This PDF has to, you know, interpret that.
We may as well do that ourselves.
And there's a lot available, I think, that way.
And just, you know, a window system.
So we.
